OSDOCS#10801: Added a known issue for OIDC configurations. (#76872)
openshift/openshift-docs: rosa_release_notes/rosa-release-notes.adoc

[id="rosa-known-issues_{context}"]
== Known issues

> * If you configure your cluster using a direct OIDC configuration and set the `--user-auth` flag to `disabled`, the console pods might enter crash loop. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-29510[*OCPBUGS-29510*])

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If you configure your cluster using external OIDC configuration and set the `--user-auth` flag to `disabled`, the console pods might enter crash loop. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-29510[*OCPBUGS-29510*])
```

> * If you configure your cluster using external OIDC configuration and set the `--user-auth` flag to `disabled`, the console pods might enter crash loop. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-29510[*OCPBUGS-29510*])

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* If you configure your cluster using external OIDC configuration and set the `--user-auth` flag to `disabled`, the console pods might enter crash loops. (link:https://issues.redhat.com/browse/OCPBUGS-29510[*OCPBUGS-29510*])
```
Not sure if it should be "a crash loop" or "crash loops".
